Update --favor-state note (#6648)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/about-cloud-develop-defer.md

2. If a development version doesn't exist, dbt uses the staging locations of parent relations based on metadata from the staging environment.
3. If both a development and staging version doesn't exist, dbt uses the production locations of parent relations based on metadata from the production environment.

> **Note:** Passing the `--favor-state` flag will always resolve refs using staging metadaba if it exists, else production metadata, regardless of the presence of a development relation, skipping step #1.

Reviewer: hey @dave-connors-3, can i just confirm if the below is right?

```suggestion
**Note:** Passing the `--favor-state` flag will always resolve refs using staging metadata if available; otherwise, it defaults to production metadata regardless of the presence of a development relation, skipping step #1.
```
